[OCPBUGS#41846] Add warning to ShiftStack local docs (#81889)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-local-disk-deployment.adoc

<7> Copies and moves in separate steps to ensure atomic creation of a complete member directory.
<8> Performs a quick check of the mount point directory before performing a full recursive relabel. If restorecon in the file path `/var/lib/etcd` cannot rename the directory, the recursive rename is not performed.
====
+
[WARNING]
====

> After the `98-var-lib-etcd.yaml` file is applied to the system, do not remove it. Removing this file will result in broken etcd members.
> 
> If you must perform a rollback, change the flavor in the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` object to one that does not include the ephemeral attribute. This change regenerates the master nodes without using ephemeral disks for the etcd partition, preventing system issues related to the `98-var-lib-etcd.yaml` file.

Author: ```suggestion
After you apply the `98-var-lib-etcd.yaml` file to the system, do not remove it. Removing this file will break etcd members and lead to system instability.

If a rollback is necessary, modify the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` object to use a flavor that does not include ephemeral disks. This change regenerates the control plane nodes without using ephemeral disks for the etcd partition, which avoids issues related to the `98-var-lib-etcd.yaml` file. It is safe to remove the `98-var-lib-etcd.yaml` file only after the update to the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` object is complete and no control plane nodes are using ephemeral disks.
```
